removing logs requirement from snmp traps (#25195)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/network_monitoring/devices/snmp_traps.md

## Configuration

> 1. To enable listening for SNMP Traps, add the following to your `datadog.yaml` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To enable listening for SNMP traps, add the following to your `datadog.yaml` file:
```

   **Note**: Multiple v3 users and passwords are supported as of Datadog Agent `7.51` or higher.

> 2. Once configured, SNMP traps are forwarded as logs and can be found in the logs explorer for `source:snmp_traps` in the [Log Explorer][5] to locate SNMP trap data:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Once configured, SNMP traps are forwarded as logs and can be found in the [Log Explorer][5] with the following search query: `source:snmp_traps`.
```

  {{< img src="network_device_monitoring/snmp/snmp_logs_2.png" alt="Log Explorer showing `source:snmp_traps` with an SNMP Trap log line selected, highlighting the Network Device tag" style="width:90%" >}}

> **Note**: Even though SNMP traps are _forwarded as logs_, `logs_enabled` does **not** need to be set to true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: Even though SNMP traps are _forwarded as logs_, `logs_enabled` does **not** need to be set to `true`.
```
